Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.
In the UK, it's illegal to eat mince pies on Christmas Day!
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by feathers!
When hippos are upset, their sweat turns red.
A flock of crows is called a murder.
“Facebook Addiction Disorder” is a mental disorder identified by Psychologists.
The average woman uses her height in lipstick every 5 years.
The 29th of May is officially “Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day“.
Cherophobia is the fear of fun O.o
Human saliva has a boiling point three times that of regular water.
If you lift a kangaroo’s tail off the ground, it can’t hop!
Hyphephiliacs are people who get aroused by touching fabrics.
Billy goats urinate on their own heads to smell more attractive to females.
The person who invented the Frisbee was cremated and made into frisbees after he died!
During your lifetime, you'll produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools!
If Pinochio says “My Nose Will Grow Now,” it'd cause a paradox. Details here.
Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting.
King Henry VIII slept with a gigantic axe beside him.
Bikinis and tampons were invented by men.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it.
Heart attacks are more likely to happen on a Monday.
If you consistently fart for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb!
An average person’s yearly fast food intake will contain 12 pubic hairs.
The top six foods that make you fart are beans, corn, bell peppers, cauliflower, cabbage and milk!
There's a species of spider called the Hobo Spider.
‘Penis Fencing’ is a scientific term for the mating ritual between flatworms. It involves two flatworms attempting to stab the other flatworm with their penis.
A toaster uses almost half as much energy as a full-sized oven.
A baby spider is called a spiderling.
You can't snore and dream at the same time.
The following can be read forward and backwards: Do geese see God?
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.
In Uganda, 50% of the population is under 15 years of age.
Hitler’s mother considered abortion but the doctor persuaded her to keep the baby.
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to watch TV for 3 hours.
Smearing a small amount of dog feces on an insect bite will relieve the itching and swelling.
Catfish are the only animals that naturally have an odd number of whiskers.
Facebook, Skype and Twitter are all banned in China.
95% of people text things they could never say in person.
160% of people make statistics up on the spot
The Titanic was the first ship to use the SOS signal.
In Poole, ‘Pound World’ went out of business because of a store across the road called ’99p Stores’, which was selling the same products but for just 1 pence cheaper! Read More.
About 8,000 Americans are injured by musical instruments each year.
The French language has seven different words for ‘surrender’.
Nearly three percent of the ice in Antarctic glaciers is penguin urine.
Bob Dylan’s real name is Robert Zimmerman.
A crocodile can’t poke its tongue out :p
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don’t drift away from each other.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
Bin Laden’s death was announced on May 1st 2011. Hitler’s death was announced on May 1st 1945.
J.K. Rowling chose the unusual name ‘Hermione’ so young girls wouldn’t be teased for being nerdy!
Hewlett-Packard’s name was decided in a coin toss.
The total number of steps in the Eiffel Tower is 1665.
The Pokémon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based off of Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
The toothpaste ‘Colgate’ in Spanish translates to ‘go hang yourself’. Rip.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed it improved their eyesight.
Los Angeles’s full name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.”
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg Corn Flakes in the hope that it would reduce levels of masturbation.
An octopus's testicles are located in its head!
In England, in the 1880’s, “Pants” was considered a dirty word.
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
If you leave everything to the last minute… it will only take a minute.
Ithyphallophobia is the fear of erections.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4am.
Birds don’t urinate.
Dying is illegal in the Houses of Parliaments – This has been voted as the most ridiculous law by the British citizens. Sadly, the citizens don't make the laws!
The word ‘ejaculation’ comes from the Latin word meaning ‘throwing out’.
The 20th of March is known as Snowman Burning Day!
Slugs have 4 noses.
Panphobia is the fear of everything… which is a pretty unlucky phobia to have.
Apples, potatoes, and onions all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged.
George Washington grew marijuana in his garden.
A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate!
The average person walks the equivalent of twice around the world in a lifetime.
The Bible is the most shoplifted book in the world.
Marco Hort has the world record for fitting 264 straws in his mouth at once!
Mel Blanc – the voice of Bugs Bunny – was allergic to carrots.
California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ.
According to Genesis 1:20-22, the chicken came before the egg.
In the Caribbean there are oysters that can climb trees.
Worms eat their own poo.
Squirrels forget where they hide about half of their nuts.
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows.
The inventor of the Waffle Iron did not like waffles.
George W. Bush was once a cheerleader.
In Japan, it is completely acceptable to name your child ‘Buttocks’ or ‘Prostitute’.
In 1895 Hampshire police handed out the first ever speeding ticket, fining a man for doing 6mph!
Each year, there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States.
A tapir has the largest penis-to-body ratio of any animal.
Mewtwo is a clone of the Pokémon Mew, yet it comes before Mew in the Pokédex.
Every year more than 2500 left-handed people are killed from using right-handed products.
Madonna suffers from garophobia which is the fear of thunder.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
Samuel L. Jackson requested to have a purple light saber in Star Wars in order for him to accept the part as Mace Windu.
Paraskavedekatriaphobia is the fear of Friday the 13th!
Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
In 1998, Sony accidentally sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people’s clothes. These cameras had special lenses that use infrared light, which allowed you to see through some types of clothing.
Upon losing battles, apes will tend to masturbate.
Ronald McDonald is “Donald McDonald” in Japan because it makes pronunciation easier for the Japanese. In Singapore he’s known as “Uncle McDonald”.
Donkey Kong got his name because his creator believed ‘donkey’ meant ‘stupid’ in English and wanted to convey the impression that the character was a “Stupid Ape”.
The medical name for a butt crack is “intergluteal cleft”.
People can suffer from a psychological disorder called Boanthropy that makes them believe that they're a cow. They then try to live their life as a cow.
The name for the shape of Pringles is called a ‘Hyperbolic Paraboloid’.
There's a McDonald's in every continent except Antarctica.
Mr. Potato Head was the first toy to be advertised on TV.
A duel between three people is actually called a truel.
The stage before frostbite is called “frostnip”.
The two tiny holes drilled in every BIC pen is to ensure that the air pressure is the same both inside and outside the pen, which helps the ink flow to the tip.
In South Korea there is an emergency number (113) to report spies.
There are no bridges over the Amazon River.
The process by which bread toasts is called the ‘Maillard Reaction’.
Snails have 14000 teeth and some can even kill you!
Admiral Ackbar from Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi was not a man in a suit, he was actually a giant puppet.
Sonic the Hedgehog’s full name is actually Ogilvie Maurice Hedgehog.
Even though Froot Loops are different colors, they all have exactly the same flavor.
George Clooney did the voice for ‘Sparky’ – a gay dog in South Park.
Most toilet paper sold for home use in France is pink.
Marmite was one of most confiscated items at airports from the UK – to overcome this issue, Marmite made smaller ones for travelling.
The human nose can remember 50,000 different scents.
Cards against Humanity bought an island in Maine to preserve wildlife. It is called Hawaii 2.
Daddy Longlegs aren't spiders - they have 6 legs!
The television was invented only two years after the invention of sliced bread.
Bullfrogs do not sleep.
The dark region on the north pole of Pluto’s moon, Charon, is called Mordor.
Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddhas.
In 2015, a silver coin with Superman on the heads side was made, being legal tender in Canada. There were only 350,000 produced.
It took the creator of the Rubik’s Cube, Erno Rubik, one month to solve the cube after he created it; the current world record is 5.55 seconds.
Japanese square watermelons are ornamental plants and are not edible.
Tigers have striped skin not just striped fur. The stripes are like fingerprints and no two tigers have the same pattern.
Ketchup originated in China as a boiled-down brine of pickled fish and spices called ‘ke-chiap’.
In Morse Code, -.- means k.
In 2005, a fortune cookie company called Wonton Food Inc correctly foretold lottery numbers, resulting in 110 winners and an investigation. No fraud was involved.
Two PlayStation 1 games, FIFA 2001 and Gran Turismo 2, had scratch & sniff discs. The FIFA 2001 smelled like a soccer field, while Gran Turismo 2 smelled like car tires.
If you die in Amsterdam with no next of kin, and no friends or family to prepare funeral or mourn over the body, a poet will write a poem for you and recite it at your funeral.
The Himalayan Honey Bee - the largest of the honey bees – makes a hallucinogenic honey that tribes collect.
In 2014, Sony made a cassette tape that can store 185TB of data!
The collars on men's dress shirts used to be detachable. This was to save on laundry costs as the collar was the part that needed cleaning the most frequently.
The man who found the 5,000 year old corpse Ötzi the Iceman in 1991 (Oldest natural European mummy) was also found dead frozen in ice in 2004.
In 2014, a missing woman on a vacation in Iceland was found when it was discovered that she was in the search party looking for herself.
If you sneeze while travelling at 60 mph your eyes are closed for an average of 50 feet.
Both Nicholas Cage and Michael Jackson shared the same wife, Elvis Presley’s daughter, Lisa Marie Presley.
Alligators will give manatees the right of way if they are swimming near each other.
Crystal – the monkey from The Hangover 2 and Night at the Museum - has her own IMDB page!
The “I’m Feeling Lucky” feature in Google search actually costs Google $110 million a year, as 1% of all searches use this feature and bypass all advertising.
Magpies are considered one of the most intelligent animals in the world, and is the only non-mammal species able to recognize itself in a mirror test.
Expedia.com, Hotels.com, Hotwire.com, Trivago, Travelocity, and Orbitz are all owned by the same company, Expedia Inc.
Before the term “bloopers” was coined, ‘out-takes’ were called ‘boners’.
Baked beans are actually not baked, but stewed.
Rowan Atkinson – also known as Mr. Bean – is the voice of Zazu in The Lion King.