It's not a bug, it's a feature!
Stop this already...
I'm not the shiny kind, stop asking!
Having fun with ya!
Doing bot things.
Lambda'ing my way out.
Shiny new JDA 3.0.
Finally 1.0!
With now more embeds!
Check ~>osu
Check ~>hi
Check ~>konachan
I would use sharding but I don't wanna split myself!
Cookiezi would eat this... or I would eat a cookie?
I want food!
Coca-Cola is bad for your health but you still drank it at least once.
Here comes the great bot to destroy all the people it hates... not you of course.
How can I calm myself when someone looks at my "special" HDD collections?!
with you.
in a remote server far away from you.
an instance of Game.
404.
lambda expressions.
Shounen surely has a lot of ripples.
Cast no dirt into the well, that gives you water!
Maximum explosion for maximum justice!
Lets go and stick those protest signs somewhere less visible.
Yamete!
Lemme put my serious face.
I don't wanna, but I guess I gotta.
Running in 30MB of allocated memory!... I guess that will be enough... I hope.
I'm also a CPU. No, really!
with a bunch of zeros and ones... basically with myself.
This is a hot server. It is like a normal server but with me.
Putain!
If you don't get 800pp you don't really deserve a cookie for name.
Tatoe will make you dance to the pp.
With more shitposting than /r/osugame!
More low effort memes than /r/Paladins!
I thought you were a boy...YOU'RE NOT A BOY!
What is Bill Cosby doing with that magical weaner?
I do everything bad to myself.
Whose grabbing who?
Quit exploding me!
Your king is on fire!
Not really into furry.
With over 9000 users!... not really, but who cannot dream?
Have they released Neko models so people could play with them?
Bill Nye the science guy! *plays chinese theme*
Did your pp grow bigger?
Damn! I should've finished my backlog before formatting Windows.
Bluescreening your life.
Kernel Panicking your life.
two series worth of backlog.
with bluescreens
with greenscreens
with min
Nothing is impossible if you have a cookie, specially if it's in your nickname.
with more JSON
There is only one hotel with 1.1 million stars. Guess which one.